---

type: dailyNote
dateCreated: Dec-8th-2022 02:57
tags: daily-note, quick-note
---



### Any Priorities?

- [x]  Dentist Appointment 
- [ ] Get a random frontend challenge started
- [ ] Oil Change?
- [ ] Saddleback ID Card?
	- [ ] How do I get one?








## Daily Events or Thoughts

Just got back from what I was hoping was goin to be a good night.
Qas going out to karyoke with Trevor and two of his friends. but they suddenly were going to dinner first which was fine, but I just couldnt go because of my teeth. So I told him I could meet him at the place. Which he was ok with.
0Then I was just waiting at his house until a little bit past 9... and when i got there, not only where those two friends gone, he had met up with some guy for the first time that he has been talking to online... who has a onlyfans.... hmmm. dont need to much imagination for that one.
___


20:05

I swear some of this shit can be so fucking weird with trevor. He really doesnt see hgow differnt he treats me than he does his other friends. Constantly just kind of treating our plans like they are so much less than those with his others

Anyway. I went to the dentist today, adn finally got some of the work done but the rest will not be done until about 1.5 weeks so wel'll see how that goes. I dont know if I am giong to stay here or leave...
gah. I don't know if I am going to be able to remain "friends'" with him when I move in. Don't even know if I want to. 



## Daily Review

- ...


>[!note] Anything Important Happen?
>nope

